next mechanism of addition
polymerization is cationic
polymerization
cationic polymerization cationic
polymerization may reaction start karna
Kelly I am just chemical substance co
use cos they're normally they are acid
acid k tendency a proton released and
aching and this proton will facilitate
the bond formation the polymerization
process take example decay here the
chain initiator is acid acid release Kia
proton
is proton caca my alkene see attached
ona
Molly G is simplest alkyne Amelia had 18
so how this addition will take place in
the presence of utter Eska PI bond clip
car Jagga according to electro marek
effect the PI bond chef toga thus carbon
atom will become positively charged and
this carbon atom will be negatively
charged up take a proton key tendency a
negatively charged carbon / attached on
a k so after the shifting structure as
of andr head ch2
this is ch2 equal positive charge equal
negative charge negative charge carbon C
proton attached Hoecker key molecule may
convert okay and this results in the
formation of reaction intermediate which
is a carbo cation this is a mechanism a
voltaic carbo cationic mechanism of next
sister Nicci yebin gaya carbo cation
thus carbo cation will attack on the
another molecule reaction casa proceed
Carnegie s carbo cation K presence may
electron cash if ting on the Yaak are
they electron cash if ting hoagie or doe
units uppers may joint okay ch3 ch2 ch2
ch2 positive it means again a new carbo
cation is generated so each monomeric
unit will join or her step may a carbo
cation monticello jaga so this mechanism
is called cationic mechanism the
formation of cationic mechanism
it depends upon stability real of
cationic mechanism cationic mechanism
depends upon
depends upon a stability of carbo cation
stability of carbo cation so presence of
of electron-donating group in alkene in
alkene increases the rate of reaction
increases the rate of reaction reaction
abdicate eight alkene Amalia 18 or
doosre alkene a propane propane propane
ke polymerization Samantha poly propane
polypropylene about fiscal structure
Medici this methyl group or alkyl group
is plus I group the job a casa alkyl
group present Oba carbo cation kiss
stability increase so Jaya
it means if both the monomers are
participating in mechanism according to
same mechanism so endo no Miccosukee
reaction kill speed Giada hoagie propane
key reaction kiss sweet Giada hoagie
compared to 18
you